## Boise Code Camp 2018 | 24 March 2018
#### Professional Scrum
In 2003, Ken Schwaber founded the Scrum Alliance. In 2009, Ken left the Scrum Alliance and started Scrum.org. Why? He did it to improve the profession of software development by introducing Professional Scrum and its focus on delivering value in the form of working software. Professional Scrum is practicing Scrum according to the Scrum Guide while continuously applying Scrum’s values and principles, and continuously pursuing technical excellence. Needless to say, in this session we won't be talking about certified Scrum, mechanical Scrum, zombie Scrum, or flaccid Scrum, ... just Professional Scrum. Whether you already know Scrum, have some specific questions, or just want to see what all this value-delivery buzz is about, this session has something for you. Be sure to bring your challenging questions.
#### Stop the Waste and Get Out of (Technical) Debt
The problem with doing things in a quick and dirty way, is that the dirty remains long after the quick is gone. Today’s software developers are constantly making trade-offs of time and quality in order to deliver working software on time. As we code, we suspect that there is a better, cleaner way to solve the problem at hand. Since we have forecasts, goals, and commitments to achieve we can’t invest an inordinate amount of time locating the optimal answer. Solutions that are “fit for purpose” are good enough. In this session you will learn where waste and technical debt come from and, more importantly, some techniques for reducing and possibly removing them all together.